Mention installation of manim sideview extension (#2350)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation.rst

   installation/jupyter

.. _editor-addons:

Editors
********

If you're using Visual Studio Code you can install an extension called
`Manim Sideview` which provides automated rendering and an integrated preview

> of the animation inside the editor.
> 
> The extension can be installed through the marketplace or by pressing install `here
> <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Rickaym.manim-sideview>`__.
> 
> Further instruction and support regarding the extension can be found in its
> `repository <https://github.com/Rickaym/Manim-Sideview>`__ or the marketplace webpage.

Reviewer: Three paragraphs seems a bit much, allow me to make a suggestion for shortening this (while still keeping all relevant information):

```suggestion
of the animation inside the editor. The extension can be installed through the
`marketplace of VS Code <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Rickaym.manim-sideview>`__.
```
